
Entering testGetCount...
test case 1 passed: true
test case 2 passed: true
test case 3 passed: true
test case 4 passed: true

Entering testUnion...
test case 1 passed: true
test case 2 passed: true
test case 3 passed: true

Entering testToString...
test case 1 passed: true
test case 2 passed: true

Entering testProduct...
test case 1 passed: true
test case 2 passed: true
test case 3 passed: true

Entering testIsSubset...
test case 1 passed: true
test case 2 passed: true
test case 3 passed: true
test case 4 passed: true

Entering testDifference...
test case 1 passed: true
test case 2 passed: true
test case 3 passed: true

Entering testIntersection...
test case 1 passed: true
test case 2 passed: true
test case 3 passed: true

Entering testIsEqual...
test case 1 passed: true
test case 2 passed: true
